My evaluation of you
A little colder
You are such an idiot.
Do you know the weight of this appointment letter?
The head of Ye's hometown has worked hard
The shareholders of our board of directors
He reluctantly came to this board
As a result, you tore it up like this.
It all came to nothing
Now you can start the election again.
But I have a word of caution here.
If you choose the wrong person
Causing the skeleton in his hand to fall sharply
You have to bear the consequences.
I said my good brother
Why do you always like to talk nonsense?
You are just a mother's love
Can it still affect the share price of a listed company?
If you can do it
I give up
Godfather
God send you say you
Too much child's play
Never mind.
Now I can only follow the normal procedure.
Please vote in favor of Ye Tianci
Brother Xinru is on the ticket?
Support Ye Tianci's election as chairperson of Night Audit Group
number of votes
0 votes hahaha
I said yes big brother
I really don't know how to thank you.
Such a night market group reserves your place
Do you still use your old job as a little security guard?
Hahahahaha
Ah!
Brother, you lost the election, what are you laughing at?
I'm laughing.
Up until now you didn't know your opponent
How powerful is it?